Update tools (#27)
nvaccess/nvda-misc-deps: readme.md

Misc-deps is a collection of various static dependencies used by [NVDA](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda).

# Updating contents

## include

### Adobe Acrobat Access

1. Download the latest [Adobe Acrobat SDK](https://developer.adobe.com/console/servicesandapis)
1. Extract the zip
1. Copy the file from `Adobe\Acrobat DC SDK\Version 1\AccessibilitySupport\AcrobatAccess.idl`

### iSimpleDOM

MSAA interfaces for gecko / firefox.

Update from [here](https://github.com/mozilla/gecko-dev/tree/master/accessible/interfaces/msaa)

### mathPlayer

Project has been abandoned, updates are unlikely.

> In NVDA this will be abandoned soon in favour of MathCAT.

Author: ```suggestion
In NVDA this will be abandoned in favour of MathCAT after a transition period.
```

## python

### ftdi2

Needed for papenmeier displays.
Should be replaced with [pyftdi](https://github.com/eblot/pyftdi) as a pip dependency.
This will require a significant rewrite of the papenmeier display driver.

### Updating brlapi

Used for BrlTTY.

1. Download the latest `brltty-win-X.X-libusb.zip` from the [BrlTTY website](https://brltty.app/download.html).
This is the 32bit version.
1. Extract the zip.
1. Update the following files

>     - `brlapi.cp38-win32.pyd` from `brltty-win-X.X-0-libusb\Python\Lib\site-packages\brlapi.cp38-win32.pyd`

Reviewer: Isn't this a Python 3.8 specific version? I'm afraid we have to provide a custom build instead. We had to do that in the past as well.

Reviewer: Ideally, we have a brlapi module that is build against the minimal API, so the module is no longer tied to a specific Python version. I opened a discussion on the mailing list: https://brltty.app/pipermail/brltty/2023-September/020094.html

Reviewer: I haven't yet managed to build brlapi for Python 3.11. The [instructions for Windows](https://brltty.app/doc/Windows.html) about MSYS1 I used in the past no longer work on my system. May be @DaveMielke might be able to assist with this.

Reviewer: Pull request https://github.com/brltty/brltty/pull/429 is now merged, which brings this a step nearer.

Author: Yep! I'll be receiving a build from Dave soon which includes this commit

Author: There's still some required work on BRLTTY to use the stable ABI, I've emailed Dave about this

Misc-deps is a collection of various static dependencies used by [NVDA](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda).

# Updating contents

## include

### Adobe Acrobat Access

1. Download the latest [Adobe Acrobat SDK](https://developer.adobe.com/console/servicesandapis)
1. Extract the zip
1. Copy the file from `Adobe\Acrobat DC SDK\Version 1\AccessibilitySupport\AcrobatAccess.idl`

### iSimpleDOM

MSAA interfaces for gecko / firefox.

Update from [here](https://github.com/mozilla/gecko-dev/tree/master/accessible/interfaces/msaa)

### mathPlayer

Project has been abandoned, updates are unlikely.
In NVDA this will be abandoned soon in favour of MathCAT.

## python

> Extract python3.dll from your python install path.

Reviewer: Shouldn't py2exe do this?

Author: Could you elaborate how? I couldn't find a method to do this built in to py2exe

Reviewer: I was thinking about adding an entry to the data_files list, but not sure whether that'll work.

Reviewer 2: It very likely would, as we use the same way to copy additional dll's for BrlAPI. Having said that it is also quite possible that, as soon as the new build of BrlAPI which requires this library will be added into miscdeps, py2exe would be smart enough to include the dll on its own.

Author: >I was thinking about adding an entry to the data_files list, but not sure whether that'll work.

But where would it pull from? python3.dll isn't in our virtual environment, so it would have to pull from the python path, which may not be standard for all dev environments outside of AppVeyor.
We will have to see if BrlAPI pulls this in automatically once BRLTTY correctly uses the stable ABI.

Reviewer 2: > But where would it pull from?

When virtual environment is active `sys.base_prefix` points to the Python install path. As far as I can tell `python3.dll` is always placed in the Python install folder.

Author: Thanks, should have checked for this

Misc-deps is a collection of various static dependencies used by [NVDA](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda).

See also [NVDA git submodules documentation](https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/blob/master/projectDocs/dev/createDevEnvironment.md#git-submodules) for context.

# Updating contents

## include

### Adobe Acrobat Access

1. Download the latest [Adobe Acrobat SDK](https://developer.adobe.com/console/servicesandapis)
1. Extract the zip
1. Copy the file from `Adobe\Acrobat DC SDK\Version 1\AccessibilitySupport\AcrobatAccess.idl`

### iSimpleDOM

> MSAA interfaces for gecko / firefox.

Reviewer 3: Might be more correct to call them ISimpleDOM interfaces. You get to them via QueryService from an IAccessible, but they really are their own custom interfaces.
Also it is worth noting, that you only need ISimpleDOM.idl, ISimpleDOMNode.idl, iSimpleDOMDocument.idl and iSimpleDOMText.idl. 
I did a quick check, and those 4 files are self-containing - so I'm pretty sure like before they don't import or rely on any other files in that directory.

Update from [here](https://github.com/mozilla/gecko-dev/tree/master/accessible/interfaces/msaa).

Changes may require build script changes.

### mathPlayer

Project has been abandoned, updates are unlikely.

> In NVDA this will be abandoned after a transition period in favour of MathCAT.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This will be abandoned in NVDA in favour of MathCAT, once MathCAT contains all functionality of MathPlayer. 
```
